docs/tutorial-modifier-delay/get-started.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Get started

## About the Zodiac Delay Modifier 

This modifier allows avatars (accounts) to enforce a time delay between when a module initiates a transaction and when it can be executed by an avatar.

[Read more here](https://github.com/gnosis/zodiac-modifier-delay)

## Setup a Gnosis Safe

If you've already set up a Gnosis Safe you'd like to use for this tutorial, skip to the next step below.

If not, check out the Gnosis Safe Help Center. The [Create a Safe](https://help.gnosis-safe.io/en/articles/3876461-create-a-safe) tutorial will walk you through the full process of creating a new Gnosis Safe account in just 60 seconds.

Note that for the purposes of this tutorial, we'll be using a Gnosis Safe deployed on the Rinkeby testnetwork. You can create a Gnosis Safe on Rinkeby at [http://rinkeby.gnosis-safe.io](http://rinkeby.gnosis-safe.io/).

## Navigate to the Zodiac App

On your Gnosis Safe's left menu, click the `APPS` option. Here you'll find apps available through Gnosis Safe. Scroll to the end of this list, and you'll find the Zodiac App.

image

Once entering the Zodiac App, you'll see the current Zodiac compliant collection of tools.

image

Commit message:

Added Bridge and Delay tutorials

docs/tutorial-modifier-delay/get-started.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Get started

## About the Zodiac Delay Modifier 

This modifier allows avatars (accounts) to enforce a time delay between when a module initiates a transaction and when it can be executed by an avatar.

[Read more here](https://github.com/gnosis/zodiac-modifier-delay). For a more technical guide on how to use the Delay Modifier beyond the Zodiac App interface, see the Github repo [Setup Guide](https://github.com/gnosis/zodiac-modifier-delay/blob/main/docs/setup_guide.md).

## Setup a Gnosis Safe

If you've already set up a Gnosis Safe you'd like to use for this tutorial, skip to the next step below.

If not, check out the Gnosis Safe Help Center. The [Create a Safe](https://help.gnosis-safe.io/en/articles/3876461-create-a-safe) tutorial will walk you through the full process of creating a new Gnosis Safe account in just 60 seconds.

Note that for the purposes of this tutorial, we'll be using a Gnosis Safe deployed on the Rinkeby testnetwork. You can create a Gnosis Safe on Rinkeby at [http://rinkeby.gnosis-safe.io](http://rinkeby.gnosis-safe.io/).

## Navigate to the Zodiac App

On your Gnosis Safe's left menu, click the `APPS` option. Here you'll find apps available through Gnosis Safe. Scroll to the end of this list, and you'll find the Zodiac App.

image

Once entering the Zodiac App, you'll see the current Zodiac compliant collection of tools.

image
